Flesh out some of the FIXMEs (#18)
autocrypt/protected-headers: draft-protected-headers.in.md

A MUA developer concerned about accessiblity of the Subject header for their users of encrypted mail when Legacy Display parts are omitted SHOULD implement the Protected Headers scheme described in this document.

Message Interpretation
======================

This document does not currently provide comprehensive recommendations on how to interpret Protected Headers. This is deliberate; research and development is still ongoing. We also recognize that the tolerance of different user groups for false positives (benign conditions misidentified as security risks), vs. their need for strong protections varies a great deal and different MUAs will take different approaches as a result.

Some common approaches are discussed below.

Reverse-Copying
---------------

One strategy for interpreting Protected Headers on an incoming message, is to simply ignore any Exposed Headers for which a Protected counterpart is available. This is often interpreted as a copy operation within the code which takes care of parsing the message.

> MUAs implementing this strategy should in pay special attention to any user facing headers (as defined above). If user-facing headers are among the Exposed Headers, but missing from the Protected Header section then the copy strategy actually implies deleting such Exposed Headers before presenting the message to the user.

Reviewer: s/in pay special/pay special/

In addition, obscuring these headers is likely to cause difficulties for a legacy client attempting formulate a correct reply (or "reply all") to a given message.

Mailing List Header Modifications
---------------------------------

Some popular mailing-list implementations will modify the Exposed Headers of a message in specific, benign ways. In particular, it is common to add markers to the `Subject` line, and it is also common to modify either `From` or `Reply-To` in order to make sure replies go to the list instead of directly to the author of an individual post.

Depending on how the MUA resolves discrepancies between the Protected Headers and the Exposed Headers of a recieved message, these mailing list "features" may either break or the MUA may incorrectly interpret them as a security breach.

> Implementors may for this reason choose to implement slightly different strategies for resolving discrepancies, if a message is known to come from such a mailing list. Implementors should at the very least avoid "crying wolf" in such cases.

Reviewer: I'd just avoid an idiom

```suggestion
Implementors may for this reason choose to implement slightly different strategies for resolving discrepancies, if a message is known to come from such a mailing list. MUAs should at the very least avoid presenting false alarms in such cases.
```
